More consistent terminology and some minor other changes (#607)
dfinity/docs: modules/developers-guide/pages/tutorials/define-an-actor.adoc

....
. Save your changes and close the file to continue.

== Modify the default canister

In the link:explore-templates{outfilesuffix}[Exploring the default project] tutorial, you saw that creating a new project creates a default `+src+` directory with a template `+main.mo+` file.

> In this tutorial, you modify the template code to create a simple "Hello, World!" canister that uses an actor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this tutorial, you modify the template code to create a simple "Hello, World!" canister. by defining an actor in {proglang}. In Motoko,  an {IC} canister is representeded as a Motoko actor.
```

----
. Open the template `+main.mo+` file in a text editor and delete the existing content.
+
The next step is to write a canister that prints a statement like the traditional "Hello, World!" sample canister.

> To compile the canister for the {IC}, however, your canister must include an `+actor+` object with a `+public+` function.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To compile the canister for the {IC}, however, your Motoko code must define an `+actor+`.  
```

. Copy and paste the following sample code into the `+main.mo+` file:
+
[source.copy,motoko,no-repl]
----
include::example$actor_hello.mo[]
----
+

> Let's take a closer look at this simple canister:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's take a closer look at this simple actor:
```

+
--

> * The canister imports a `+Debug+` module to provide the `+print+` functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The code imports a `+Debug+` module to provide the `+print+` functionality.
```

> * The canister uses the `+public query func+` to define a query method because, in this case, the `+actor_hello+` canister doesn't make any persistent changes to the state of the canister smart contract - any changes are transient and discarded after the query completes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The actor uses the `+public query func+` declaration to define an {IC} _query_ method.  Our method doesn't need to make any permanent changes to the state of the actor. Declaring it as a query means that  any changes it does make are transient and discarded after the query completes.
```

--
+
For more information about using a query call, see link:../concepts/canisters-code{outfilesuffix}#query-update[query calls] in link:../concepts/canisters-code{outfilesuffix}#canister-state[Canisters include both program and state].
. Save your changes and close the `+main.mo+` file.

> == Build the canister with a local identifier

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
== Build the canister for the local canister execution environment
```

You are probably only going to use this simple canister for some local testing.

> Therefore, there's no need to reserve a unique canister identifier on the {IC} network to hold the compiled output for the canister.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Therefore, there's no need to reserve a unique canister identifier on the {IC} blockchain mainnet.
```

Author: outdated, already fixed.

> In this scenario, you can compile the canister without connecting to an {IC} network at all.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this scenario, you can compile the canister without connecting to the {IC} blockchain mainnet at all.
```

> Instead, the `+dfx build+` command creates a local, hard-coded canister identifier for you to use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead, the `+dfx build+` command creates a local, hard-coded canister identifier for you to use.
```
Why hard-coded?

Author: I don't know :-) I didn't write that text :-)

Reviewer 2: I think that is even false. I flagged it with the SDK team.

> You can use this local identifier while you are testing your canister or any time you want to compile your canister without starting the local canister execution environment process locally.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can use this local identifier while you are testing your canister or any time you want to compile your canister without starting the local canister execution environment process.
```

> You can use this local identifier while you are testing your canister or any time you want to compile your canister without starting the local canister execution environment process locally or connecting to a replica on a remote subnet.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can use this local identifier while you are testing your canister or any time you want to compile your canister without starting the local canister execution environment process locally.
```

Reviewer: local ... locally?

To build the canister executable:

. Navigate back to the root of your project directory.

> . Build the canister with a locally-defined identifier by running the following command:

Reviewer: Is this even up-to-date? Does dfx still do this --check stuff?

+
--
* The program imports a `+Debug+` module to provide the `+print+` functionality.

> * The program uses the `+public query func+` to define a query method because, in this case, the `+actor_hello+` program doesn't make any changes to the state of the canister smart contract or perform any operations that would update the data you are accessing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The program uses the `+public query func+` to define a query method because, in this case, the `+actor_hello+` program doesn't make any persistent changes to the state of the canister smart contract - any changes are transient and discarded after the query completes.
```

== Deploy the project

> You cannot deploy the output from the `+dfx build --check+` command to any {IC} mainnet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You cannot deploy the output from the `+dfx build --check+` command to the {IC} mainnet.
```

If you wanted to deploy this project, you would need to do the following:

> * Connect to the {IC} mainnet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Connect to the either the local canister execution environment or {IC} mainnet.
```

> * Register a mainnet-specific canister identifier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Register a connection-specific canister identifier.
```

* Deploy the canister.

Let's consider these steps in a bit more detail.
Before you can deploy this project, you must connect to either your local canister execution environment, provided by `dfx`, or to the Internet Computer blockchain mainnet.

> After you connect to a local canister execution environment or {IC} mainnet, you must also generate a unique, *mainnet-specific* canister identifier to replace your locally-defined identifier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you connect to a local canister execution environment or {IC} mainnet, you must also generate a unique, *connection-specific* canister identifier to replace your locally-defined identifier.
```

* Deploy the canister.

Let's consider these steps in a bit more detail.

> Before you can deploy this project, you must connect to either your local canister execution environment, provided by `dfx`, or to the Internet Computer blockchain network.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Before you can deploy this project, you must connect to either your local canister execution environment, provided by `dfx`, or to the Internet Computer blockchain mainnet.
```

> After you connect to a local canister execution environment or remote network, you must also generate a unique, *network-specific* canister identifier to replace your locally-defined identifier.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After you connect to a local canister execution environment or the IC blockchain mainnet, you must also generate a unique canister identifier to replace your locally-defined identifier.
```

* Deploy the canister.

Let's consider these steps in a bit more detail.

> Before you can deploy this project, you must connect to the {IC} network either running *locally* in your development environment or running on a subnetwork *remotely*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you can deploy this project, you must connect to either your local canister execution environment, provided by `dfx`, or to the Internet Computer blockchain network.
```

Reviewer: https://dfinity.slack.com/archives/C02FV87QYKS/p1632390268133800

"actor_hello" canister created with canister id: "rrkah-fqaaa-aaaaa-aaaaq-cai"
....
+

> The `+dfx canister create+` command also stores the mainnet-specific canister identifier in a `+canister_ids.json+` file in the `+.dfx/local+` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `+dfx canister create+` command also stores the connection-specific canister identifier in a `+canister_ids.json+` file in the `+.dfx/local+` directory.
```

== Query the canister

> You now have a program deployed as a *canister* on your local {IC} and can test your program by using the `+dfx canister call+` command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You now have a program deployed as a *canister* on your local canister execution environment and can test your program by using the `+dfx canister call+` command.
```

> To test the program you have deployed on the local {IC}:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To test the program you have deployed on the local canister execution environment:
```

. Use `+dfx canister call+` to call the `+hello+` function by running the following command:
+
[source,bash]
----
dfx canister call actor_hello hello
----

> . Verify that the command returns the text specified for the `+hello+` function along with a checkpoint message in the terminal running the local {IC} process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Verify that the command returns the text specified for the `+hello+` function along with a checkpoint message in the terminal running the local canister execution environment.
```

== Stop the local network

> After you finish experimenting with your program, you can stop the local Internet Computer so that it doesn’t continue running in the background.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you finish experimenting with your program, you can stop the local Internet Computer so that it doesn’t continue running in the background.
```
```suggestion
After you finish experimenting with your program, you can stop the local canister execution environment so that it doesn’t continue running in the background.
```

> To stop the local {IC}:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To stop the local canister execution environment:
```

> . In the terminal that displays network operations, press Control-C to interrupt the local network process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the terminal used to interact with your canister, issue the command `dfx stop`; or
. In the terminal that displays network operations, press Control-C to interrupt the local network process; or
. Kill the `replica` process using commands or tools of your operating system.
```
